ft/CMS SEO (#233)
CodeForAfrica/ui: apps/codeforafrica/content/pages/index.md

  action:
    content: Get involved
    href: /about/impact
seo:

>   title: Code for Africa
>   description: Thoughts, stories and ideas.
>   openGraph:
>     title: Code for Africa
>     description: Thoughts, stories and ideas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: Code for Africa: The continent's largest network of civic technology and data journalism labs.
```
